# James-Bond-Museum

For my Final Project, I decided to redo the James Bond website because even though I’ve only watched the recent movies with Daniel Craig. Although I know that the James Bond movies have left a great impact on the movie industry and I believe that the website provided did not give the franchise justice. Instead it focused more on the owner of the site then James Bond itself, so I decided to scrap a majority of the previous website. My goal for this website was to convey a friendly, classy, but creative look that makes the sites viewers want to visit the museum after seeing the website. I decided to mainly portray this through the color scheme of the iconic gold as seen in Golden Finger complemented by the black and white color scheme found on James Bond iconic tux. Furthermore, I went with benton-sans, sans-serif for the font because I thought it best matched the font that can be found on Roger Moore James Bond movie poster.

For my front page, I wanted to keep it modern and friendly by focusing on the different actors who played James Bond so I made these ID cards that gives their birth year and the name of the movies where they played James Bond. Also, I followed the ID cards with a list of Fun Facts that a normal viewer would not know about from just watching the movies. For my second page, I wanted to be more creative so I had the idea of developing a timeline that resembles a ladder that is used for escaping and when minimized the ladder folds. The steps of the ladder are filled with information from the movies. Also, its important to note that I designed the steps to purposely resemble a flashcard to make the information visually clear to the viewer. Furthermore, the flash cards are complemented by a golden band that contains the year that the movies were released to the public which completes the display of a timeline. The last thing I added to both pages was when you minimize the nav bar it converts into a hamburger menu where the icon resembles a spy giving homage to the James Bond series. I believe it’s a perfect little website that gives respect to the James Bond movies while appealing the viewer to want to someday visit the museum. 
